[DO NOT MERGE] DOCS-12770 lifecycle states (#166)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/do-not-use-to-find-info-with-new-search.adoc

= Search for Assets
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Find assets and refine search results in Exchange using the following filters that are available from the asset portal:

> *  Search all assets field

Reviewer: omit space
```suggestion
* Search all assets field
```

* Any type
* Any organization
* Any category
* Any tag

> * Any Lifecycle state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any lifecycle state
```

image:exchange-new-search.png[Exchange search experience]

Search uses query language to search assets by tags, categories, custom fields, and lifecycle states. 

== Search by Type

> Exchange supports the following asset types:

Reviewer: Is it necessary to repeat the list from "Asset Types"?
Also, note that the types are listed in a different order here than in the Asset Types topic.

* API Groups
* API Spec Fragments
* Connectors
* Custom
* Examples
* HTTP APIs
* Policies
* REST APIs
* SOAP APIs
* Templates

To search for assets by type:

> . Click *Any type*.

Reviewer: Do we need to provide the user with context/navigation to the UI area in which the user clicks **Any type**?

> . Select from the list. You can select more than one type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select one or more types from the list.
```

> . Click *Apply*. The corresponding assets display in the search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Apply*. 
+
The corresponding assets display in the search results.
```

. Click *Any organization*. 
. Enter a name of a category or select one or more options from the list.
. Click *Apply*.

== Search by Categories

You can search for assets by predefined categories. You can search for a combination of categories, and you can search for multiple values for the same category. Multiple values for the same category are combined with the OR operator.

. Click *Any category*. 
. Enter a name of a category or select one or more options from the list.
. Click *Apply*.

== Search by Tags

Search by tags that were created by an Exchange administrator or organization owner.

. Click *Any tag*.
. Enter a name of a tag or select one or more options from the list.
. Click *Apply*.

== Search by Lifecycle States

In the software development lifecycle, assets are developed, released, and eventually deprecated. Each Exchange asset version moves through the lifecycle states of `development`, `stable`, and `deprecated`.

Find asset versions that are ready for consumption, in development, or have been deprecated.

> . From the details asset pane, click *Any Lifecycle state*.

Reviewer: This is what I mean by navigation context (see comment at Line 37 above).

. Select an option from the list and click *Apply*.

> . Assets in that state display in the search results.

Reviewer: Reformat so that Line 168 is not a step.

> . (Optional) Click *Save this search* to create a shortcut for this search. Saved searches display in the left navigation bar.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY rephrase optional steps by beginning with the goal: an "if" statement:
```suggestion
. If you want to create a shortcut for this search, click *Save this search*. Saved searches display in the left navigation bar.
```

== Save a Search

To quickly find assets, save shortcuts to filters that you have applied. Saved searches are arranged in alphabetical order in the left navigation bar.

. Enter a search term in the *Search all assets* field and click *Save this search*.
. Enter the name for the search.
. Select an option to save as *My search* or an organization search.
. Click *Save search*.
+
Administrators can save searches visible to anyone in their current business group. Personal searches are visible only to the person who creates them.
. Confirm that your search appears in the saved searches in the left navigation bar.
+
Exchange lists search terms specific to your business group. Below those terms are saved searches you created:
+
image::ex2-saved-searches-groups.png[Saved Search Groups]

> === Rename or Delete a Saved Search

Reviewer: In general, you want to have more than one subtopic before creating subtopics. 
The alternatives are to include a solitary subtopic within its parent, or to create more than one: in this case, you could  have separate rename and delete subtopics?

> Saved searches can be renamed or deleted.

Reviewer: As a followup to the previous comment, and in general, consider telling the reader under what circumstances they might want or need to perform this task, such as...:

"If <this happens>, rename your search."
"To save system resources, delete your search when you no longer need it."

To rename a saved search: 

. In the left navigation bar, click the three dots icon next to the name of the search. 
. Select *Rename*.
. Enter a new name for the search.
. Press Enter or Return on your keyboard.

To delete a saved search, click the three dots icon and select *Delete*.

== Sort Search Results 

To select the ranking of search results, use the *Sort by* drop-down menu to choose *Relevance* (default), *Name*, *Last modified*, or *Rating*. 

> Relevance sorts the matching results by where a match is found in the asset metadata, such as name, title, pages, and API specification metadata. API specification metadata includes endpoints and types.

Reviewer: ***BREAK edit here to commit and continue***
